fix(jwt): fix the jwt ACL will return a wrong result when the token is expired (#9338)
emqx/emqx: changes/v4.3.22-en.md

- When republishing messages or bridge messages to other brokers, check the validity of the topic and make sure it does not have topic wildcards [#9291](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9291).

- Disable authorization for `api/v4/emqx_prometheus` endpoint on management api listener (default 8081) [#9294](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9294).

> - Fix the JWT ACL will return a wrong result when the token is expired. [#9338](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9338).

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
- Fix a bug where the JWT ACL would not short-circuit with a deny response when the token is expired. [#9338](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9338).
```

> - Fix a bug where the JWT ACL would not short-circuit with a deny response when the token is expired. [#9338](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9338).

Reviewer 2: should create a new release.
